# The_SER_Protocol_to_be_submitted
**CONFESSION**: I HAVE USED CLAUDE IN THIS PROJECT  (ESPECIALLY IN MAKING THE ENGINE as it seemed pretty obvious to me and seemed just a manual labour task. Though I gave claude the info about the controversial rules like what should it resolve first: MOVEMENT OR SHOOTING. I CHOSE MOVEMENT(FOR A HEALTH PACK SUPPOSE) AND MADE IT A VICTIM FAVOURED RULE AS WAS CONTROVERSIAL) BUT I CAN ASSURE YOU THE STRATEGY WAS THOUGH AND PREPARED BY ME AND A LARGE CHUNK OF IMPORTANT CODE IN IT WAS ALSO WRITTEN BY ME. THOIGH I ASKED CLAUDE TO WRITE THE CODE FOR THE LOWER PREFERNCES IN MY STRATEGY AS I THOUGHT THAT IT WAS JUST MANUAL LABOUR (WRITING BFS AND ALL). BUT YES, I MADE SEVERAL CHANGES IN THAT ALSO TO IMPROVE THE STRATEGY.
I AM WELL VERSED WITH EVERY LINE OF MY CODE AND WILL BE VERY HAPPY TO DISCUSS ABOUT THE SAME IN THE INTERVIEW.


ThoughtProcess:
Though the majority of code was written by claude, I made many changes in it. This was mainly in the strategy portion of my bot. I introduced the concept of pre-shoot and removed the natural choice of shooting whenever enemy in LOS which would have resulted in just a trade of HP. (DRAW IF BOTH HP's were 25 and loss if HP of opponent was > 25 and of my bot was <25. I also prioritised gaining HP rather than shooting even if in LOS if HP was in critical state and make sure to not get shot in the process of gaining this HP. More on these things in the strategy document. I also thought about how we should find the shortest path for finding health and ammo and that was through BFS and why not manhattan distance directly. I also made rules for the controversies like what to do if both tanks try to occupy the same block at same time. I cancelled out both of their moves. I also reduced the uneccessary code from all the files to ensure compratively clean code.
